# Puppet PR Triage Notes 2015-11-03

Recording: 

### Attending

* **Hailee (HAIL9000)**
* **Michael (MikaelSmith)**
* **Josh (joshcooper)**

## Pull Requests

### Puppet

##### For discussion

##### For Review / Needs Work

##### Merged

* [(PUP-5395)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5395) [Allow deep merging on automatic parameter lookup (PR #4358)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4358)
  - Formerly HI-118
  - Brought into Language Team sprint, done
* [(PUP-5309)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5309) [Correct behavior of yum package provider regarding yum-security plugin output (PR #4377)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4377)
  - Merged

##### Waiting for updates

* [(PUP-5291)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5291) [fix "stream closed" problem with SSH transport (PR #4304)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4304)
  - Josh had questions about the actual reason for the 'stream closed' failures, and whether we're doing the right thing before or after the change.
  - Replied about closing ssh channel twice.
  - Added to Triage Sprint in case we have time to finish it, otherwise waiting on contributor.
* [(PUP-5212)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5212) [Fix for pip package provider doesn't honor HTTP proxy settings (PR #4232)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4232)
  - Waiting for a spec test and updates based on a few comments from Peter.
* [(PUP-4997)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-4997) [Fix pip provider for EL6 (PR #4127)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4127)
  - Waiting for contributor to address / comment on feedback from Peter, Kylo and a few others.
* [(PUP-1072)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-1072) [HTTP(S) support for the file type (PR #3748)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/3748)
  - Michael has left a few more comments - waiting for Felix to bring in additional changes, which will likely happen after PuppetConf.
* [(PUP-5289)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5289) [adding interface mode auto, encapsulation negotiate to puppet device (PR #4301)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4301)
  - Pinged Nan / Scott Garmin for input.
  - Commit message needs updating.
  - Valid test failures
* [(PUP-5462)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5462) [Small improvements to module generator (PR #4396)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4396)
  - Pinged modules for review.
* [(PUP-5452)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5452) [Correct parsing of crontab environment variable lines (PR #4385)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4385)
  - Request ticket be moved to Puppet project
  - Rebase/cherry-pick instead of merge
* [(PUP-5445)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5445) [Add Arista support (PR #4384)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4384)
  - Update with required Beaker version
* (PUP-TBD) [Resource type zpool create options (PR #4305)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4305)
  - There is more work that needs to be done on this. The PR expresses the idea, but we need to look into how other providers do similar things.
  - Gave feedback for prototype, contributor to follow up with full implementation.

##### Blocked

* [(PUP-4634)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-4634) [Add timing metrics to report (PR #4042)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4042)
  - Ready for review
  - Blocked on our end, haven't had time to bring it into a sprint.
* [(PUP-5015)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5015) [Some of the user attributes in Aix could be UPPERCASE (PR #4059)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4059)
  - Waiting for our AIX pipelines to be completed. Once they are up, we can verify this change and merge if it works.
  - Also need contributor to amend commit message with ticket number.
* [(PUP-4760)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-4760) [Service type should not retrieve ensure status when not needed (PR #4038)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4038)
  - This one is blocked on our end, in that we haven't had a chance to bring it into a sprint yet.
  - We need to thoroughly test this one, as it has a high risk for breakage.
* [(PUP-4619)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-4619) [sort fstab entries (PR #3953)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/3953)
  - Blocked on our end. First on our list is to merge PUP-1072, which is in our current sprint.
  - We need to spend the necessary time to review and merge this and previous PRs.
* [(PUP-598)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-598) [Add gpasswd support to Group provider (PR #3687)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/3687)
  - There is a related PR up for a fix with the same root cause as this one.
  - We want to fix both issues with the same PR.
  - Haven't had time to bring this into a sprint yet.
* [(PUP-3116)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-3116) [Optimize the read of the system mounts in selinux (PR #3043)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/3043)
  - PR has been open without comment for several months. We're checking in to see if Trevor still wants to continue on this.
  - Blocked on investigation of PUP-4002
* [(PUP-1455)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-1455) [Use CFPropertyList to read launchd plist (PR #4174](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4174)
  - Need to verify cfpropertylist dependency in all supported packaging methods (install.rb, 3.x dmg, AIO)
  - Shouldn't require cfpropertylist directly. Need to put in class method or provider feature, and make launchd dependent on the feature.
  - Original commit removed plutil, but later commit added it back and removed sw\_vers.
  - Needs more work, added to future sprint
* [(PUP-5360)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5360) [Feature/autorelation defined types (PR #4337)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4337)
  - Questions left for Henrik on the pull request
  - Added to Language Triage sprint so that we can find time to pull it into a future sprint

### Facter

##### For discussion

##### Merged

##### Waiting for updates

* (MAINT) [cache output of df (PR #1119)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pull/1119)
  - Jasper responded to comments - he's working on incorporating feedback.

##### Blocked

### Hiera

##### For discussion

##### Merged

* [(HI-471)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/HI-471) [Allow backends to perform qualified key lookups (PR #314)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/hiera/pull/314)
    - Contributor updated PR based on suggestions, merged

##### Closed

* [(HI-475)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/HI-475) [Use syck YAML parser for Ruby 1.9.3 and 2.0.x (PR #318)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/hiera/pull/318)
  - Investigate further, look into failing tests and the syck yaml parser

##### Waiting for updates

* [(HI-184)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/HI-184) [Inconsistent handling of fully-qualified facts when called from the command line (PR #283)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/hiera/pull/283)
  - Rnelson will have time to work on this after PuppetConf.
  - Pulling into Language branch to plan assistance

##### Blocked

## Actions

* Josh: [(PUP-5035)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5035) [undefined method keys' for nil:NilClass in static\_compiler (PR# 4155)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4155)
  - Contributor addressed Josh's feedback
  - No progress, will review this week

* Michael: (MAINT) [(update cron type doc to more closely match style guide (PR #4279)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4279)
  - Nick F left a few comments to be addressed, waiting for updates
  - Michael to make docs fixes and open new PR.

* Michael: Summarize zpool feature tickets for puppet-dev mailing list. Plenty of options that aren't exposed through the type.

* Hailee: [(PUP-5123)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5123) [Replace http:// links with https://  (PR #4203)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4203)
  - rebase and merge
  - create new ticket to fix link contents, and point back to the original PR for Rob's comments

* Hailee: [(PUP-5465)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5465) [Add missing support for Resource References in collection (PR #4337)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4337)
  - triage

* Michael: [(PUP-3713)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-3713) Allow zfs to create a zvol (No PR yet - diff in ticket)
  - Request from bastelfreak in #puppet-community to triage this. There is a diff in the ticket.
  - Changed to bug fix, as this is broken behavior for volsize. Michael to put together PR.
