# Puppet PR Triage Notes 2016-05-03

### Attending
- **Branan (branan)**

## Overview

## Pull Requests

### Puppet

##### For discussion

##### For Review / Needs Work

* [(PUP-1526](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-1526) [Add environment settings for package type (PR #4928)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4928)
  - We still need to spend enough time on this to actually get it reviewd

* [(PUP-2354)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-2354) [Do not retrieve client cert when generating new cert (PR #4897)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4897)
  - Branan has some concerns but needs to dive more deeply and understand this stuff better

* [(PUP-6277)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-6277) [Add conflicts to types (PR #4949)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4949)
  - Ongoing discussion in the PR from several employees and community members

##### Merged / Handed Off

* [(PUP-6099)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-6099) [Add addtional autorequires for file/mount interactions (PR #4838)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4838)

##### Closed

* [(PUP-6136)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-6136) [Add new downgrade parameter for package (PR #4870)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4870)
  - Contributor closed this since they weren't focused on it. Ticket remains open

* [(PUP-6125)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-6125) [log to console if verbose/debug enabled, and logdest is unset (PR #4837)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4837)
  - Agreed we should take a different approach, this PR has been closed and the contributor is working on opening a new one.

##### Waiting for updates

* [(PUP-2802)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-2802) [Add slot support for portage package provider (PR #4699)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4699)
  - Michael has a Gentoo box but cannot figure out how to test the change
  - Waiting for a response from the contributor on how to test it

* [(PUP-6233](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-6233) [smf provider updates (PR #4922)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4922)
  - Needs to squash

* [(PUP-4403)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-4403) [k5login selinux/owner (PR #4950)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4950)
  - Looks like it's missing the provider half. Pinged contributor

* [(PUP-6269)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-6269) [Backport PUP-3341 to 3.x (PR #4945)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4945)
  - Ready to go, just needs a squash

* [(PUP-6259)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-6259) [Fix no_proxy support for File resource (PR #4938)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4938
  - Needs to be fixed for 1.9 compat; pinged felix to help review VCR test fixes

##### Blocked

* [(PUP-5609)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5609) [Protect shared state with filesystem lock (PR #4584)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4584)
  - We need to pull this into a sprint so we can spend some time on it

* [(PUP-4619)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-4619) [sort fstab entries (PR #3953)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/3953)
  - We need to devote some time to spend on this

* [(PUP-4634)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-4634) [Add timing metrics to report (PR #4042)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4042)
  - Ready for review
  - Blocked on our end, have not had time to bring it into a sprint.
  - Would be good to spend a bit of time on our end planning out what we think this should look like.

* [(PUP-598)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-598) [Add gpasswd support to Group provider (PR #3687)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/3687)
  - There is a related PR up for a fix with the same root cause as this one.
  - We want to fix both issues with the same PR.

* [(PUP-5360)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/PUP-5360) [Feature/autorelation defined types (PR #4337)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/4337)
  - Branan to start discussion on JIRA ticket about whether we want this feature and how it should be modelled.

### Facter

##### Pull Requests

##### For discussion

##### Merged / Handed Off

* [(FACT-1372)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/FACT-1372) [Fix IPv6 parsing (PR #1290)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/pull/1290)
  - Merged

* [(FACT-1367)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/FACT-1367) [Add VirtuozzoLinux (PR #1288)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pull/1288)
  - Merged via [(PR #1325)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pull/1325)

* [(FACT-1418)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/FACT-1418) [Replaces COM moniker call for Nano Server support (PR #1327)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pull/1327)


##### Closed

* [(FACT-1402)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/FACT-1402) [check also upper case letter in virtual kvm lspci check (PR #1322)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pull/1322)
  - Closed for lack of response

* [(FACT-1402)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/FACT-1402) [Add VirtuozzoLinux (PR #1321)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pull/1321)
  - Closed for lack of response


##### Waiting for updates

##### Blocked

* [(FACT-1411)](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/browse/FACT-1411) [Regex issues with util/netmas.rb in 2.x (PR #1326)](https://github.com/puppetlabs/facter/pull/1327)
  - Branan to ask around for how disruptive this might be. Otherwise looks good

### Hiera

##### Pull Requests

##### For discussion

##### Merged / Handed Off

##### Closed

##### Waiting for updates

##### Blocked

## Actions
